Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?


Ans 1 - Friends_overlap function will tell just the number of friends which two person has in common.
This can be misleading in our case because by numbers, 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have just 1 common friends which tells that both are not related much 
but in fact they are the ones who have strong political co-relation.
We can fix it by knowing the complete information through figuring out their friend's friends and then 
running friend_overlap function to see how many of them are common.





2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Ans 2 - Output was WhiteHouse.
This user is the official twitter account for the white house which is a official residence and workplace
 of the President of the United States. 
In recent presidential election Hillary Clinton and Donald trump were the rivals.







3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Ans 3 - Donald Trump is the president of USA and Gary Johnson was Governor. 
The following and whom a person follow on twitter may vary based on position and status of person. 
Behavior and nature of work also are major factors. 
Due to huge difference of data in numbers predicting actual information about individual is difficult through network graph. 
We cannot do comprehensive analysis by comparing both.







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Ans 4 - - There are two initial buckets available for GET requests: 15 calls every 15 minutes, and 180 calls every 15 minutes.

So consider if trump follows ‘x’ users, so we have to make x calls to get the complete information.

But due to rate limit the approximatly time taken will be 
~ (ceil(x/15)-1)*15

For example if trump has 45 friends than (ceil(45/15)-1)*15 ~ 30minutes 
